Key Vault references should not contain a trailing slash (#124163)
Azure/azure-content: articles/app-service/app-service-key-vault-references.md

> [!div class="mx-tdBreakAll"]
> | Reference string                                                            | Description                                                                                                                                                                                 |
> |-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> > | SecretUri=_secretUri_                                                       | The **SecretUri** should be the full data-plane URI of a secret in the vault, e.g. `https://myvault.vault.azure.net/secrets/mysecret`. Optionally, include a version, e.g. `https://myvault.vault.azure.net/secrets/mysecret/ec96f02080254f109c51a1f14cdb1931`.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> | SecretUri=_secretUri_                                                       | The **SecretUri** should be the full data-plane URI of a secret in the vault, for example `https://myvault.vault.azure.net/secrets/mysecret`. Optionally, include a version, such as `https://myvault.vault.azure.net/secrets/mysecret/ec96f02080254f109c51a1f14cdb1931`.  |
```
Minor edits for Microsoft style
